# DevOps Meeting Notes

## Agenda

- **Potential slot for GPG key signing of DevOps members**. External
  verification will be necessary.

- We need to assign a **librarian** to keep our documents organized according to
  a system. Johannes is happy to do this for now.
  - **Our Notion DevOps space is full of junk**. Outside of that, it's not open
    to read for outside contributors, and does not leave much choice over which
    client to use for editing content.

## Roadmap review & planning


<!-- vim: set textwidth=80 sw=2 ts=2: -->
